[v7]Docs: typos + minor amendments (#4090)
DIRACGrid/DIRAC: docs/source/UserGuide/GettingStarted/InstallingClient/index.rst

Choose the directory where you want to install the DIRAC software and run the dirac-install script from
this directory giving the appropriate version of the DIRAC release,

> and the version of the "lcgBundle" (with "-g" option, not required for MacOS 10.14 users) that you want to use::

Reviewer: It is not that lcg bundles are not required, there are no lcg bundles for MacOS (any version of that OS, and also for other operating systems). It can also be that for certain communities the lcg-bundles are pre-defined, in which case the lcg-bundles need to be disabled via a different flag.

Author: I have a doubt regarding this...According to what I have read and understood, lcgbundles are mainly statically-compiled libraries used for interacting with grid environments, which is the base for distributed computing, then how is it possible that there are no lcgbundles for other operating systems as well or is it that they are pre-defined by most of the communities??

Reviewer: Simply put, nobody has bothered (or managed) to compile these libraries for MacOS, which is why they are unavailable. This means those users cannot directly interact with the grid storage elements.

I changed the phrase about the pre-defined lcg-bundles to clarify that this refers to the lcg-bundles version, which would be attempted to be downloaded, and give error messages.

Reviewer 2: We don't (we can't, in fact) support native clients on MacOS.

Reviewer 3: Can you please update according to the comments -> not available for Mac users ?

Author: @atsareg  I'll be updating it today...

> and the version of the "lcgBundle" (with "-g" option), to be skipped by MacOS users due to its current unavailability, that you want to use::

Reviewer: This is not a macOS specific problems, in many cases errors will also occur on linux that are not RedHat 6 or 7 equivalent.

  dirac-install -r v6r20p14 -g v14r2

The example above assumes that you need the release version v6r20p14 and along with that lcgBundle version v14r2 to be installed.  
 
An "lcgBundle" is simply a tarball(.tar) file containing a number of statically-compiled libraries that are used
for interacting with grid environments (e.g. GFAL2, or ARC, or Condor).
The libraries in "lcgBundle" are not maintained within DIRAC, but DIRAC may use them.

> The produced lcgBundles can also be found on `this server <http://diracproject.web.cern.ch/diracproject/lcgBundles/>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The produced lcgBundles can be found on `this server <http://diracproject.web.cern.ch/diracproject/lcgBundles/>`_.
```

> This installs the software as well as creating the following directories and files::

Reviewer: Well the software is installed in these directories, so the "as well as" is not really correct.

The ConfigurationServer option is used to define the URL of the Configuration Service
that the client will contact to discover all the DIRAC services.

The exact values for the command options are specific to a given user community, ask the

> group administrators for its details. Typically, single community specific installation scripts are

Reviewer: ```suggestion
group administrators for details. Typically, a community-specific installation script will be
```

provided, which includes all the necessary specifications.

In any case, save a "install.cfg" file with the content desired.

> At this point, in order to issue the *dirac-configure* command, you need either a user proxy, or a host certificate.

Reviewer: One can "issue" the command, it will just not be successful without a proxy

> These are needed because dirac-configure will take care of updating the local configuration as well as 

Reviewer: The proxy is really only needed, because it connects to a DIRAC server, to update the local configuration that would not be necessary, this the "but" in the text.

download the Client Authentication Certificates used for connecting to DIRAC services
(this option may be overridden if necessary).

**Using a user proxy**

If you want to use a user proxy, we assume that you already have a user certificate,
so in this case create a directory *.globus* in your home directory and copy the certificate files
(public and private keys in .pem (Privacy Enhanced Mail format) to this directory::

   $ mkdir ~/.globus
   $ cp <<certificate files>> ~/.globus/

At this point you need a proxy, but you still have not configured DIRAC. So, you should issue the command::

   $ dirac-proxy-init

This will probably give you an error, but will still create a local proxy file anyway.
You can see which file is your proxy certificate using the *dirac-proxy-info* command.

It is then possible to issue the *dirac-configure* command::

   dirac-configure install.cfg

**Using a host certificate**

If you have a host certificate for the machine where the client is being installed,

> and if this Host Certificate Distinguished Name(DN) is registered in the Configuration Server of the DIRAC server

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and if this host certificate Distinguished Name (DN) is registered in the Configuration Server of the DIRAC server
```
